c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.UI.Website.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.UI.Website.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.UI.Model.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.Common.Entity.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.UI.Model.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.Common.Entity.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\obj\Debug\Parte02.UI.Website.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\obj\Debug\Parte02.UI.Website.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\obj\Debug\Parte02.UI.Website.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.UI.Domain.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.Common.Data.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.UI.Domain.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExamenComercio\Parte02.UI.Website\bin\Parte02.Common.Data.pdb
